---
layout: post
title:  "Black Lives Matter — Donation Matching"
date:   2020-06-09 15:00:00
tags:   []
---

**Update**: This matching has concluded now. Thank you to everyone who contributed!

[Recent protests in Canada and the United
States](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_Floyd_protests) have brought additional
attention to the daily individual and systemic racism faced by many in our community. They
have inspired a large wave of donations to various wonderful charities for both short-term
and long-term help and advocacy for the African-Canadian community.

I’ll match up to $5000 in donations to any Canada or US anti-racism, bail fund, police
reform/advocacy group, or other related non-profit. Please contact me over Twitter
([@fengyang97](https://twitter.com/fengyang97)) or Instagram
([@fengyangwang](https://www.instagram.com/fengyangwang/)) or otherwise to DM me with
receipts. If you need suggestions, [CanadaHelps.org](https://www.canadahelps.org/) has [a
fund](https://www.canadahelps.org/en/black-solidarity-fund/) and list of constituent
charities. However, I found it useful and educational to spend time researching
organizations and in particular reading voices from people of colour to better understand
the underlying issues.

Many will require short-term help to make bail, meet basic needs, and rebuild businesses,
and the gush of funding will certainly go a long way in easing these pains. But racism is a
chronic long-term condition of our society that will require continuing effort and action.

I strongly believe in recurring donations and encourage you to make your donation recurring,
if you are financially able. Recurring donations mean more predictable income, which enable
charities to plan longer-term investments. I made a monthly commitment to the
[African-Canadian Association of Waterloo Region and
Area](http://africancanadianassociation.com/). To make your monthly donation go farther, I
will one-time match one year’s amount of any recurring donations as part of my matching
commitment. (So if you donate $10/month, I’ll match $120.)
